laura xiong doesn't wanted to help the hmong in thailand that is why
she classify them into group, yd group, vp group, pk group, laura
group. she only help and give the inside information to her group but
those that belong to other group she just don't care because they don't
trust laura enough.
what laura doesn't know is that some of those refugees are the
communist laos's secret agents that they send to kill laura others.
only zab know this.
amen

hello anti,
i wish i am the omnipotent woman who could put this problem to an end.
at this time, we must let nature takes its course. it is better to sit
and watch, do not jump when you do not know how high it was.
what laura doesn't know, it doesn't hurt. why would the commies want
laura dead? laura would be dead of honor if she is important enough for
the commies to go after her. hos yog niag hmoob qhuav tawv tsis paub
quav tsw tog twg lam koom siab muab laura tua, mas tsawg tus koom siab
tua laura, laura yuav los tos kom tag lawv cov tub txawj ntxhais ntse
mus ua qhev lawm dabteb. thaum twg muaj tsov muaj rog qhov twg, laura
muab lawv xa mus thaiv mos txwv. thaum tuag lawm, laura mam tiv xabn
rau. hahaha......lam tso dag xwb, rau qhov nej pheej saib tsis taus
laura ne.
nkaujnyiag

hello anti,
i wish i am the omnipotent woman who could put this problem to an end.
at this time, we must let nature takes its course. it is better to sit
and watch, do not jump when you do not know how high it was.
what laura doesn't know, it doesn't hurt. why would the commies want
laura dead? laura would be dead of honor if she is important enough for
the commies to go after her. hos yog niag hmoob qhuav tawv tsis paub
quav tsw tog twg lam koom siab muab laura tua, mas tsawg tus koom siab
tua laura, laura yuav los "cab" kom tag lawv cov tub txawj ntxhais ntse
mus ua qhev lawm dabteb. thaum twg muaj tsov muaj rog qhov twg, laura
muab lawv xa mus thaiv mos txwv. thaum tuag lawm, laura mam tiv xabn
rau. hahaha......lam tso dag xwb, rau qhov nej pheej saib tsis taus
laura ne.
nkaujnyiag